https://codepen.io/kidleo1/pen/VwedLLa?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? basically using tags that would make sense with what your using that tag for
    2. What is HTML used for? used for formatting text and images on a webpage.its basically the bare bones of any website 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? they give u additional info about elements. you put it in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is the most important part of the page you should only use it once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? meta data
    7. What is an id? its a unique name for a certain html element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? its a name you can assign to html multiple html elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as necessary
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href="link goes here"></a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? gives alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id? #id name goes here{}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section defines sections in html usually groups things that are alike div is a division of text 
    17. What is CSS used for? for styling html
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class is used to identify multiple elements and an id is used to identify one element in html. you would use an id for something you wouldnt want to constantly change and a class for if you want to change something multiple times.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class name{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? > you would use this to select an element with a specific parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
